Add documentation for ci cd correlation (#30030)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_delivery/deployments/argocd.md

{{< img src="ci/diagram_argo-cd-deployment_240910.png" alt="Triggering Argo CD deployments using git" style="width:100%;">}}

> The [`datadog-ci deployment correlate-image` command][14] can be used to correlate an image with an application repository commit. When an Argo CD deployment occurs, the configuration commit information in the deployment event is replaced by the related application repository commit obtained by looking at the deployed images, if any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`datadog-ci deployment correlate-image` command][14] can be used to correlate an image with an application repository commit. When an Argo CD deployment occurs, the configuration commit information in the deployment event is replaced with the related application repository commit obtained by looking at the deployed images, if any.
```

To enable this correlation, you also need to add the `dd_k8s_cluster` annotation to your Argo CD application, specifying the name of the Kubernetes cluster that the application deploys to. The name must match the name reported in the [Datadog Kubernetes product][16].

Here is an example on how you can run the command when generating the image that will later be deployed by Argo CD:
```yaml
 steps:
    - name: Correlate image with Datadog
      shell: bash
      run: |
        echo "Correlating image: ${{ inputs.image-name }} with Datadog"

        datadog-ci deployment correlate-image --image ${{ inputs.image-name }} --repository-url ${{ inputs.repository-url }} --commit-sha ${{ inputs.commit-sha }}

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

It shows weird spacing on the doc rendering

        echo "Successfully correlated ${{ inputs.image-name }} with Datadog"
```

> This command will correlate images from deployment resources. When we receive a deployment, if multiple images are present and multiple of them are correlated, we will take the image that contains the service name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command correlates images from deployment resources. When Datadog receives a deployment, if multiple images are present and more than one of the images is correlated, Datadog takes the image that contains the service name.
```
